# projects

- angularProject is a project that uses angular as its frontend, alongside a Nodejs server as its backend. This project imitates a market website. Users are required to sign up and login in order to use the website. The website contains a control panel that only admins may access, that helps manage the products available in the website itself. Whenever a product is picked by a user, its instantly placed in a cart and its price gets calclated alongside any other picked products. Once finished, users can finish the order by placing date, address and other required information. It uses both client and server sided cache, alongside JWT for authentication. The database is based off MySql.

*NOTICE* node_modules wasn't uploaded to github to avoid uploading alot of heavy folders. If you want to run the project itself, don't forget to run npm init before attempting to run it.

- reactProject is a project that uses react as its frontend, alongside a Nodejs server as its backend. This project imitates a vacation website. Users are required to sign up in order to use the website's functions. Once a user signs up and logs in, they are capable of marking vacations they are interested in, in order to increase the amount of followers interested in said vacation. This project uses Socket IO to update other users' clients in real time whenever a user decides to follow/unfollow a vacation, or whenever an admin changes, adds or removes vacations. An Admin panel exists that only Admins can access, which lets them both manage vacations, and look at a graph that updates in real time according to user activity. This project also uses JWT for authentication, a server sided map that represents as temporary cache to speed up client requests and improve user experience, alongside a redux system as a client-sided temporary cache. The database is based off MySql.


- jqueryProject is a project given by John Bryce as part of the Fullstack course. This project imitates a coin-baseed website that gets its information from an API located on another server through Ajax calls. Users pick coins they are interested in, and follow a graph that updates regularly every second with new information regarding to the picked coins' values.

- simpleJSProject is another one of the projects I was required to do during the John Bryce Fullstack course. It imitates a note saving website, that saves notes in the local storage whenever a user places the correct input. Its primarly using DOM manipulation techniques and treats the local storage as a pseudo client-sided cache to imitate a database. No server-side development was required for this project.
